{https://www.reddit.com/r/Breath_of_the_Wild/comments/bzetnp/lets_go_boys/eqs3wsz/ \line 
Transcribed 2019-07-25 10:29:07.722191 \line 
 \line 
Mofego  1461 points  2019-06-11 11:02:10  #eqs3wsz \line 
Didn't Reggie Fils-Aime say that Nintendo didn't want to reveal trailers or \line 
announce games that weren't coming out soon? I believe he said this after last \line 
year's E3, so he was probably aware of the Metroid 4 debacle. \line 
 \line 
Anyway, I'm NOT saying that I think this game will come out next year, but I am \line 
saying that im having a hard time not getting my hopes up for a 2020 release... \line 
 \line 
| LateDay  335 points  2019-06-11 11:10:27  #eqs4nw6 \line 
| That cutscene certainly looked polished enough. At first I thought it was a third \line 
| DLC pack. I could see this being a Holiday 2020 release. We never got this level \line 
| of footage from BOTW until the very same 2017 I think. \line 
|  \line 
| edit: 2016 not 2017 \line 
|  \line 
| | blitz342  2 points  2019-06-11 12:51:44  #eqsdyr4 \line 
| | We got footage + a playable E3 demo in 2016. \line 
| |  \line 
| | | LateDay  2 points  2019-06-11 13:39:14  #eqsic17 \line 
| | | Oh right. That's the one I was thinking of. I for some reason thought botw \line 
| | | released on Nov 2017 so I though E3 2017 was the whole demo. My bad. \line 
| | |  \line 
| | | Edit: but 2016 was the actual first look right? During the Switch presentation I \line 
| | | think? With actual footage of in-game cutscenes and gameplay. I think we only had \line 
| | | teasers and off-screen footage before that point. \line 
| | |  \line 
| | | | blitz342  1 points  2019-06-11 15:07:53  #eqsq3i1 \line 
| | | | The switch presentation was in January of 2017 I believe. We had seen BotW \line 
| | | | playable on Wii U at E3 2016. \line 
| | | |  \line 
| | | | | LateDay  1 points  2019-06-12 13:04:03  #eqxipkt \line 
| | | | | Well I am mixing up the dates completely then. My point being the release date of \line 
| | | | | botw and the first reveal of game footage was a very short time span. Less than a \line 
| | | | | year. \line 
| | | | |  \line 
| | | | | | blitz342  1 points  2019-06-12 13:06:37  #eqxizw0 \line 
| | | | | | Yeah. The world and physics engine are what took the longest to develop, I \line 
| | | | | | believe. Pretty sure Nintendo has said that. So since they're presumably reusing \line 
| | | | | | both, it shouldn't be too long before we get this game. :D \line 
| | | | | |  \line 
| | | | | | | LateDay  1 points  2019-06-12 13:11:16  #eqxjjs8 \line 
| | | | | | | I think the Botw development timeline is a special one. The physics engine was a \line 
| | | | | | | huge factor, but I am guessing that the decision to bring it to Switch was done \line 
| | | | | | | halfway through, so some effort had to be done to port parts of the game. They \line 
| | | | | | | also probably also delayed the game to be a Switch launch title. I think the game \line 
| | | | | | | was ready to be released by Holiday 2016 on Wii U, they just waited to release it \line 
| | | | | | | with the Switch to boost the new console's launch game. \line 
| | | | | | |  \line 
| | | | | | | So, delay to match Switch release, delay to focus efforts on a two console \line 
| | | | | | | release instead of one, and the whole physics engine delay. \line 
| | | | | | |  \line 
| | | | | | | New Zelda will probably not suffer from many of these and they seem to be \line 
| | | | | | | reutilizing some assets. Besides, Nintendo has had a track of releasing games for \line 
| | | | | | | Switch in a short span after reveal (Odyssey, Yoshi, Ultimate). \line 
| | | | | | |  \line 
}