{https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/cgv2fq/farright_extremism_to_be_included_in_official/eulkvbp/ \line 
Transcribed 2019-07-25 10:30:57.989473 \line 
 \line 
zeekoes  5648 points  2019-07-23 10:23:33  #eulkvbp \line 
If you support, propagate or engage in unprovoked violence against other people \line 
to either promote or subdue an ideology, you should be on a terror watchlist. \line 
It's not that difficult. \line 
 \line 
Edit: I'm putting you all on a watchlist for committing violence on my inbox. \line 
 \line 
| Dunkaroosarecool  78 points  2019-07-23 11:12:23  #eulpznr \line 
| So, Antifa? \line 
|  \line 
| | MA202  46 points  2019-07-23 11:17:09  #eulqjwi \line 
| | What ideology is antifa promoting? That fascism is bad? \line 
| |  \line 
| | | Ckyuii  136 points  2019-07-23 11:56:07  #eulvqjf \line 
| | | They openly advocate and promote the use of violence to achieve political aims. \line 
| | | That's not a mischaracterization; they straight up tell people this in \line 
| | | interviews, on boards, etc... \line 
| | |  \line 
| | | What they stand for is not wrong, but their actions and calls to violence are. \line 
| | | There's a distinction here. \line 
| | |  \line 
| | | | WootyWootTootToot  55 points  2019-07-23 12:31:56  #eum22ec \line 
| | | | What political aims are they trying to achieve? There is no one antifa group. \line 
| | | | Antifa isn't an organization, it's an ideal. It's used by different people from \line 
| | | | Democratic socialists, to anarchists, to communists. More fighting goes on from \line 
| | | | within the left than against the right because of all the different end goals \line 
| | | | leftists have, which is why the only one "political aim" of antifa is to silence \line 
| | | | racists and nazis. \line 
| | | |  \line 
| | | | | zWraith  -2 points  2019-07-23 12:40:22  #eum3ias \line 
| | | | | The political aim they are trying to achieve is the silencing of anyone they \line 
| | | | | disagree with through violent measures. They openly attack people that they don't \line 
| | | | | agree with, whether they're racist or not. \line 
| | | | |  \line 
| | | | | | WootyWootTootToot  9 points  2019-07-23 12:41:03  #eum3mmy \line 
| | | | | | And racists deserve a platform why? \line 
| | | | | |  \line 
| | | | | | | Thefriendlyfaceplant  -4 points  2019-07-23 12:42:41  #eum3xab \line 
| | | | | | | Free speech. \line 
| | | | | | |  \line 
| | | | | | | | erockinit  10 points  2019-07-23 12:51:45  #eum5hwa \line 
| | | | | | | | So why don't we platform ISIS-sympathetic US citizens then? \line 
| | | | | | | |  \line 
| | | | | | | | | Thefriendlyfaceplant  13 points  2019-07-23 12:55:06  #eum61e3 \line 
| | | | | | | | | Because calling for violence isn't protected speech. You get to hate people as \line 
| | | | | | | | | much as you like, you don't get to issue credible threats against them or call \line 
| | | | | | | | | upon others to do it for you. \line 
| | | | | | | | |  \line 
| | | | | | | | | And as far as I know you get to openly sympathise with ISIS if that's your thing. \line 
| | | | | | | | |  \line 
| | | | | | | | | | erockinit  6 points  2019-07-23 13:09:23  #eum8hr3 \line 
| | | | | | | | | | > Because calling for violence isn't protected speech. You get to hate people as \line 
| | | | | | | | | | much as you like, you don't get to issue credible threats against them or call \line 
| | | | | | | | | | upon others to do it for you. \line 
| | | | | | | | | |  \line 
| | | | | | | | | | I'm sure you understand both that there are ISIS-sympathetic messages that do not \line 
| | | | | | | | | | include calls for violence, as well as that there are many racists' messages that \line 
| | | | | | | | | | do call for violence. Racists, among other things, have advocated for things like \line 
| | | | | | | | | | lynching of black Americans and nuking/droning of entire middle eastern \line 
| | | | | | | | | | countries, innocent civilians included. I've done my fair share of reporting the \line 
| | | | | | | | | | latter on social media, and I can tell you right now that such content has never \line 
| | | | | | | | | | been removed, and people similar to you have defended it as 'free speech.' \line 
| | | | | | | | | |  \line 
| | | | | | | | | | [Here, for example, is one such twitter post I had \line 
| | | | | | | | | | reported](https://i.imgur.com/B9sl5dI.jpg). It was never taken down until Jacob \line 
| | | | | | | | | | Wohl was suspended for creating and operating fake accounts (not for calls to \line 
| | | | | | | | | | violence). \line 
| | | | | | | | | |  \line 
| | | | | | | | | | | Thefriendlyfaceplant  1 points  2019-07-23 13:41:20  #eumdxx3 \line 
| | | | | | | | | | | Do you find mr Woh's threat of nuking Iran credible? If it were, then we'd have a \line 
| | | | | | | | | | | far bigger problem on our hands than whether or not it constitutes as free \line 
| | | | | | | | | | | speech. I'd be all for the FBI inviting him over to the bureau and have him \line 
| | | | | | | | | | | answer some questions about how he planned to achieve this. \line 
| | | | | | | | | | |  \line 
| | | | | | | | | | | | erockinit  1 points  2019-07-23 15:59:27  #eun0q9h \line 
| | | | | | | | | | | | > about how he planned to achieve this. \line 
| | | | | | | | | | | |  \line 
| | | | | | | | | | | | You defined calls to violence as including calling on others to do it for you. He \line 
| | | | | | | | | | | | tweeted this directly at President Trump who has been escalating tensions with \line 
| | | | | | | | | | | | Iran ever since he stepped into office. \line 
| | | | | | | | | | | |  \line 
| | | | | | | | | | | | The 'credible' aspect is contingent, convoluted, and so subjective that we could \line 
| | | | | | | | | | | | sit here arguing about it for days. For that reason, all I will say is that I \line 
| | | | | | | | | | | | believe that Trump ostensibly wants to attack Iran—his national security advisor \line 
| | | | | | | | | | | | John Bolton certainly does—and that I believe a constituent calling on an \line 
| | | | | | | | | | | | already-inclined political official to commit some violent act for them counts as \line 
| | | | | | | | | | | | a credible call-to-violence. \line 
| | | | | | | | | | | |  \line 
}